Some of this stuff is entirely unfeasible, so don't take this as gospel! This is just the first few thoughts I and my friends had while designing the game.

team (stalkers? 4 players? could be more/less, at least 2) versus sniper
neighborhood details: interesting houses, populations; some neighborhoods have more/better hiding spots?
Points win/loss based?
Sniper has limited shots; 1 or 2 plus number of players?
Slow rate of fire/small hitbox; people need to aim
Voice chat/sounds/etc proximity based
  60 ft: hear faintly
  30 ft: decent clarity
  5 ft: can hear whispers
  This can be done on my end
  Forces people to pay attention to game environment/ their own input/output volume
    Maybe we could have them all equalize at the beginning? “Change your volume until you can hear this sound clearly”?
Everyone spawns in the same area, even the sniper
  Sniper gets time to run off and hide
  Everyone else separates from there after time limit (honor rules?)
Time of day has an effect
  nighttime: harder to see
  noon: harder to hide
  dawn/dusk: sun in your face
  clouds: no effect, easy mode?
  Rain? Dampens sound?
Intermittent cars, ppl walking by, etc
  shouldn’t insta-kill but cars mean you can’t cross the street
  ppl might give you away?
  more likely to just be flavor
Each character has unique skills/handicaps; whether sniper or not (tied to model?)
  e.g. A is faster but B is smaller and can hide more easily and C can throw their voice
  But A is wearing a red shirt, B is slower, and C is can’t hide behind small things
‘loose’ rules
  can’t move if sniper (after getting into position of course)
    small area in which you're allowed to move?
no teamspeak?
  silent emotes
    point/beckon, shh, stop, etc
honor system
  should feel community based
    team matchups and/or invite friends
If someone is blatantly cheating you should be able to do something about it; if the sniper is running around and shooting people you should be able to report them
  Can lead to bullying
Non-snipers get melee weapons?
  definitely shorter range
All nerf, etc
should feel like kids in a neighborhood
Throw shoes for distraction
  2 chances
  should make it harder to run somehow?
Camo?
Asymmetric:
  4ish ‘stalkers’ to 1 sniper
  Each individual different?
  premade builds
  if they’re different sizes, should have an effect on hiding
Problems:
  4v1 isolating for the 1
  Honor rules should be enforced if there’s blatant offenses
  Voting systems mean people can gang up
Solutions:
  Rotation of roles
  everyone votes on who to be sniper, or
  Can choose to be sniper or not in team matchup?
  Voice chat
  sniper can hear what the team is saying (distance)
  3 strike system?
  if everyone/majority votes someone cheated, they get a strike; enough strikes gets a handicap (not booted, that’s extreme and ruins the game)
  handicaps:
    colored bright orange, wearing tap-dancing shoes, have to tag sniper instead of shooting them, etc
Examples:
  4v1
  Dead by daylight
    Survivors turn on generators then escape; killer finds survivors and kills them
    team often too powerful with perks; fix by not having perks?
    Unique abilities for killer; teamwork for survivors
Evolve
  isolating for monster
  fix by letting listen in on chat?
  Rotation of roles?
  bad ability balance; unfair for the 1
  fix by having only variation be sniper rifle, maybe
  better hiding for sniper? (ghillie suit?)
Technical stuff:
  Photon Unity Network / PUN (free version allows to network up to 20 people at once, more than enough)
  3d models
    players
    weapons
    obstacles
    1st person controller
  bullets should register hits but maybe not automatic down (maybe within a certain range?)
  sniper needs accountability

Street should have little cover but sniper can only cover one end at a time
Stalkers can move between backyards
No points at which you can see and not be seen (someone can always come from behind)
Starting backyard has multiple exits
No going inside houses/cars (sheds maybe)
